CBP-22464: Added componnet-id as an optional input param (#24)
cloudbees-io/register-build-artifact: README.adoc

| No
| A comma-separated list of artifact labels.

| `component-id`
| String
| No

> | The unique identifier of the component to which the artifact belongs. If not provided, the artifact will be registered with current component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The link:https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-platform/latest/organizations-components/components#component-id[ID of the component] to which the artifact belongs. If not provided, the artifact will be registered with the current workflow run's component.
```
